README.md, before:

# Testing githib warden 
### How to run
Change dockerfile: need to add `SECRET_TOKEN` and `BUGZILLA_API_KEY`

```
docker build . -t testing-github-warden
docker run -itd -p 3000:3000 --restart always testing-github-warden
```

* `SECRET_TOKEN` - is a token from webhook settings (https://developer.github.com/webhooks/securing/)
* `BUGZILLA_API_KEY` - is a key from bugzilla (https://bugzilla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/integrating/auth-delegation.html)

### How it work?
After any push to repo, that we activate webhooks, github will sent post request to serve.
This request contains commit message and other data.
Server take all of them, and if message of commit is matched with pattern, action will be executed

### Adding new event
#### New pattern
At first, need to add new pattern to `config/warden_config.yml`

Example:

```
  :commit_message_pattern: 'commit message'
  :action: 'action'
```
All of this fields is a regular expression, but don't need to add `/` `/`  in start and end in this.
Action is a custom name of action. Feel free to set something.

#### New action

All actions is placed in `helpers/hook_direction.rb`, in `run_action` method.
You need to add new `when your_action_name`, and it will execute when all of patterns in one block will be match

Commit message:

Add information about docker-compose to README.md

README.md, after:

# Testing githib warden 
### How to run
Change dockerfile: need to add `SECRET_TOKEN` and `BUGZILLA_API_KEY`


You cat build and run application from Docker
```
docker build . -t testing-github-warden
docker run -itd -p 3000:3000 --restart always --name github-warden testing-github-warden
```

Or from docker-compose
```
docker-compose up -d
```

There are easy way to update warden if you use docker-compose
```
docker-compose up --build -d
```

* `SECRET_TOKEN` - is a token from webhook settings (https://developer.github.com/webhooks/securing/)
* `BUGZILLA_API_KEY` - is a key from bugzilla (https://bugzilla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/integrating/auth-delegation.html)

### How it work?
After any push to repo, that we activate webhooks, github will sent post request to serve.
This request contains commit message and other data.
Server take all of them, and if message of commit is matched with pattern, action will be executed

### Adding new event
#### New pattern
At first, need to add new pattern to `config/warden_config.yml`

Example:

```
  :commit_message_pattern: 'commit message'
  :action: 'action'
```
All of this fields is a regular expression, but don't need to add `/` `/`  in start and end in this.
Action is a custom name of action. Feel free to set something.

#### New action

All actions is placed in `helpers/hook_direction.rb`, in `run_action` method.
You need to add new `when your_action_name`, and it will execute when all of patterns in one block will be match
